add pitr and dual region doc (#11000)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/backup-and-restore.md

    - check whether the PITR(**Point-in-time Recovery**) feature is on. To use the PITR feature, firstly make sure your TiDB cluster version is at least v6.3.0 and the TiKV node configuration is at least 8c/16g, then file a ticket to request to enable the PITR feature.

    - In **Backup Time**, schedule a start time for the daily cluster backup. It is recommended to schedule automatic backup at the low workload period. If you do not specify a preferred backup time, TiDB Cloud assigns a default backup time, which is 2:00 AM in the time zone of the region where the cluster is located.

    - In **Backup Retention**, configure the minimum backup data retention period.

    - In **Backup Storage Region**, select the regions where you want to store your backup data. TiDB Cloud stores your backup data in your local region by default. In addition, you can add another remote region, and TiDB Cloud will copy all new backup data to the remote region, which facilitates data safety and faster recovery. After adding a remote region as a backup data store, you can't turn it off.

4. Click **Confirm**.

> **Note that:**
> You can not disable automatic backup.

### Backup storage region support

> TiDB Cloud does not yet support adding an arbitrary remote region as backup data storage, the regions already supported are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, you cannot select an arbitrary remote region for backup data storage. The regions already supported are as follows:
```

> | Cloud provider | Region                      | Remote regions support   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Cloud provider | Local region                      | Remote regions support   |
```

Author: how about `cluster region`?

Reviewer: LGTM~ Updated.

|----------------|-----------------------------|--------------------------|
| GCP            | Tokyo (asia-northeast1)     | Osaka (asia-northeast2)  |

> > **Note that:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:**
>
```

> > TiDB Cloud will charge you for multiple copies of backup storage based on Backup Storage Region setting, and backup storage price varies by region.
> > If you select multiple backup storage regions then you will also incur backup data replication charges.
> > See [Data Backup Cost](https://en.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-pricing-details/#data-backup-cost) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Based on the Backup Storage Region setting, you might be charged for multiple copies of backup storage. If you select multiple backup storage regions, you are also charged for backup data replication. The pricing varies by region. For more information, see [Data Backup Cost](https://en.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-pricing-details/#data-backup-cost).
```

## Backup

TiDB Cloud supports automatic backup and manual backup.

Automatic backups are scheduled for your TiDB clusters according to the backup setting, which can reduce your loss in extreme disaster situations. You can also pick a backup snapshot and restore it into a new TiDB cluster at any time.

### Automatic backup

By the automatic backup, you can back up the cluster data every day at the backup time you have set. To set the backup time, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the **Backup** tab of a cluster.

2. Click **Backup Settings**. The setting window displays.

3. In the setting window,

>     - check whether the PITR(**Point-in-time Recovery**) feature is on.

Author: ```suggestion
    - check whether the PITR(**Point-in-time Recovery**) feature is on. To use the PITR feature, firstly make sure your TiDB cluster version is at least v6.3.0 and the TiKV node configuration is at least 8c/16g, then file a ticket to request to enable the PITR feature.
```

>     - check whether the PITR(**Point-in-time Recovery**) feature is on.

Author: 最初版本我是写在这里的，但是感觉如果所有限制都写在操作里面内容有点多。 你觉得呢，放在下面影响阅读吗。 

目前这个只能显示状态 On，如果 PITR 打开的话。接下来几个版本会让用户自己打开和关闭

>     - check whether the PITR(**Point-in-time Recovery**) feature is on.

Reviewer: 我建议是把每一条提示都尽可能放到离操作最近的地方，否则用户不好找到。

    - In **Backup Time**, schedule a start time for the daily cluster backup. It is recommended to schedule automatic backup at the low workload period. If you do not specify a preferred backup time, TiDB Cloud assigns a default backup time, which is 2:00 AM in the time zone of the region where the cluster is located.

    - In **Backup Retention**, configure the minimum backup data retention period.

>     - In **Backup Storage Region**, select the regions where you want to store your backup data. TiDB Cloud stores your backup data in your local region by default. In addition, you can add another remote region, and TiDB Cloud will copy all new backup data to the remote region, which facilitates data safety and faster recovery.

Author: ```suggestion
    - In **Backup Storage Region**, select the regions where you want to store your backup data. TiDB Cloud stores your backup data in your local region by default. In addition, you can add another remote region, and TiDB Cloud will copy all new backup data to the remote region, which facilitates data safety and faster recovery. After adding a remote region as a backup data store, you can't turn it off.
```

4. Click **Confirm**.

> **Note that:**
> You can not disable automatic backup.

> > To use the PITR feature, firstly make sure your TiDB cluster version is at least v6.3.0 and the TiKV node configuration is at least 8c/16g, then file a ticket to request to enable the PITR feature.

Reviewer: 这一条提示放到用户**确认 PITR 开启**的步骤（L31）下面吧

> > After adding a remote region as a backup data store, you can't turn it off.

Reviewer: 同上，这一条提示放到用户**选择 region** 的步骤（L37）下面

> > To use the PITR feature, firstly make sure your TiDB cluster version is at least v6.3.0 and the TiKV node configuration is at least 8c/16g, then file a ticket to request to enable the PITR feature.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> > After adding a remote region as a backup data store, you can't turn it off.

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Backup

TiDB Cloud supports automatic backup and manual backup.

Automatic backups are scheduled for your TiDB clusters according to the backup setting, which can reduce your loss in extreme disaster situations. You can also pick a backup snapshot and restore it into a new TiDB cluster at any time.

### Automatic backup

By the automatic backup, you can back up the cluster data every day at the backup time you have set. To set the backup time, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the **Backup** tab of a cluster.

2. Click **Backup Settings**. The setting window displays.

3. In the setting window, configure the automatic backup:

>     - Check whether the PITR(**Point-in-time Recovery**) feature is on. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Check whether the PITR (**Point-in-time Recovery**) feature is on. 
```

>     - Check whether the PITR (**Point-in-time Recovery**) feature is on. 

Reviewer 2: PITR 对于自动 backup 是必须的吗，还是一个可选项呢？改动前的自动 backup 都是不需要 PITR 的。是否可以简单介绍些 PITR 的使用场景？

>     - Check whether the PITR (**Point-in-time Recovery**) feature is on. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - (Optional) Check whether the PITR (**Point-in-time Recovery**) feature is on. 
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

    PITR supports restoring data of any point in time to a new cluster. You can use it to:

    - Reduce RPO in disaster recovery.
    - Resolve cases of data write errors by restoring point-in-time that is before the error event.
    - Audit the historical data of the business.

```

>         To use the PITR feature, make sure that your TiDB cluster version is at least v6.3.0 and the TiKV node size is at least 8C/16G, and file a ticket to request the PITR feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        To use the PITR feature, make sure that your TiDB cluster version is at least v6.3.0 and the TiKV node size is at least 8 vCPU and 16 GiB, and file a ticket to request the PITR feature.
```

>         To use the PITR feature, make sure your TiDB cluster version is at least v6.3.0 and the TiKV node size is at least 8C/16G, and file a ticket to request to enable the PITR feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        To use the PITR feature, make sure that your TiDB cluster version is at least v6.3.0 and the TiKV node size is at least 8C/16G, and file a ticket to request the PITR feature.
```

>         To use the PITR feature, make sure your TiDB cluster version is at least v6.3.0 and the TiKV node configuration is at least 8C/16G, and file a ticket to request to enable the PITR feature.

Reviewer: *Node size* is used on the TiDB Cloud console. Let's use the same term.
```suggestion
        To use the PITR feature, make sure your TiDB cluster version is at least v6.3.0 and the TiKV node size is at least 8C/16G, and file a ticket to request to enable the PITR feature.
```

>         To use the PITR feature, make sure that your TiDB cluster version is at least v6.3.0 and the TiKV node size is at least 8 vCPU and 16 GiB. Currently, PITR is in beta. To enable it, [file a ticket](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md) to request the PITR feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        If you have one of the preceding needs and want to use the PITR feature, make sure that your TiDB cluster version is at least v6.3.0 and the TiKV node size is at least 8 vCPU and 16 GiB. Currently, PITR is in beta. To enable it, [file a ticket](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md) to request the PITR feature.
```

    - In **Backup Time**, schedule a start time for the daily cluster backup. 

>         It is recommended to schedule automatic backup at the low workload period. If you do not specify a preferred backup time, TiDB Cloud assigns a default backup time, which is 2:00 AM in the time zone of the region where the cluster is located.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        It is recommended to schedule automatic backup at a low workload period. If you do not specify a preferred backup time, TiDB Cloud assigns a default backup time, which is 2:00 AM in the time zone of the region where the cluster is located.
```

    - In **Backup Retention**, configure the minimum backup data retention period.

    - In **Backup Storage Region**, select the regions where you want to store your backup data. 

>         TiDB Cloud stores your backup data in your local region by default. In addition, you can add another remote region, and TiDB Cloud will copy all new backup data to the remote region, which facilitates data safety and faster recovery. After adding a remote region as a backup data storage, you cannot turn it off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        TiDB Cloud stores your backup data in the current region of your cluster by default. In addition, you can add another remote region, and TiDB Cloud will copy all new backup data to the remote region, which facilitates data safety and faster recovery. After adding a remote region as a backup data storage, you cannot remove it.
```

> After adding a remote region as a backup data storage, you cannot turn it off.

这句的意思是说添加了 remote region 之后，无法停止 cross region backup，还是指无法删除 remote region 里的备份？

>         TiDB Cloud stores your backup data in the current region of your cluster by default. In addition, you can add another remote region, and TiDB Cloud will copy all new backup data to the remote region, which facilitates data safety and faster recovery. After adding a remote region as a backup data storage, you cannot remove it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        TiDB Cloud stores your backup data in the current region of your cluster by default. In addition, you can add another remote region, and TiDB Cloud will copy all new backup data to the remote region, which facilitates data safety and faster recovery. After adding a remote region as a backup data storage, you cannot remove the region.
```

4. Click **Confirm**.

> **Note:**
>
> You can not disable automatic backup.

### Backup storage region support

Currently, you cannot select an arbitrary remote region for backup data storage. The regions already supported are as follows:

> | Cloud provider | Custer region                      | Remote regions support   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Cloud provider | Custer region                      | Remote region support   |
```

|----------------|-----------------------------|--------------------------|
| GCP            | Tokyo (asia-northeast1)     | Osaka (asia-northeast2)  |

> **Note:**
>

> > Based on the Backup Storage Region setting, you might be charged for multiple copies of backup storage. If you select multiple backup storage regions, you are also charged for backup data replication. The pricing varies by region. For more information, see [Data Backup Cost](https://en.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-pricing-details/#data-backup-cost).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Based on the Backup Storage Region setting, you might be charged for multiple replicas of backup storage. If you select multiple backup storage regions, you are also charged for backup data replication. The pricing varies by region. For more information, see [Data Backup Cost](https://en.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-pricing-details/#data-backup-cost).
```

## Backup

TiDB Cloud supports automatic backup and manual backup.

Automatic backups are scheduled for your TiDB clusters according to the backup setting, which can reduce your loss in extreme disaster situations. You can also pick a backup snapshot and restore it into a new TiDB cluster at any time.

### Automatic backup

By the automatic backup, you can back up the cluster data every day at the backup time you have set. To set the backup time, perform the following steps:

1. Navigate to the **Backup** tab of a cluster.

2. Click **Backup Settings**. The setting window displays.

3. In the setting window, configure the automatic backup:

>     - (Optional) Check whether the PITR (**Point-in-time Recovery**) feature is on. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - (Optional) Enable the PITR (**Point-in-time Recovery**) feature according to your needs. 
```

Author: No switch is implemented, only a status whether it is on or not.

        PITR supports restoring data of any point in time to a new cluster. You can use it to:

        - Reduce RPO in disaster recovery.
        - Resolve cases of data write errors by restoring point-in-time that is before the error event.
        - Audit the historical data of the business.

>         If you have one of the preceding needs and want to use the PITR feature, make sure that your TiDB cluster version is at least v6.3.0 and the TiKV node size is at least 8 vCPU and 16 GiB. Currently, PITR is in beta. To enable it, [file a ticket](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md) to request the PITR feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        If you have one of the preceding needs and want to use the PITR feature, make sure that your TiDB cluster version is at least v6.3.0 and the TiKV node size is at least 8 vCPU and 16 GiB. Currently, PITR is in beta. To enable it, [file a ticket](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md).
```

    - In **Backup Retention**, configure the minimum backup data retention period.

    - In **Backup Storage Region**, select the regions where you want to store your backup data. 

        TiDB Cloud stores your backup data in the current region of your cluster by default. In addition, you can add another remote region, and TiDB Cloud will copy all new backup data to the remote region, which facilitates data safety and faster recovery. After adding a remote region as a backup data storage, you cannot remove the region.

4. Click **Confirm**.

> **Note:**
>
> You can not disable automatic backup.

### Backup storage region support

Currently, you cannot select an arbitrary remote region for backup data storage. The regions already supported are as follows:

| Cloud provider | Custer region                      | Remote region support   |
|----------------|-----------------------------|--------------------------|
| GCP            | Tokyo (asia-northeast1)     | Osaka (asia-northeast2)  |

> **Note:**
>

> > Based on the Backup Storage Region setting, you might be charged for multiple replicas of backup storage. If you select multiple backup storage regions, you are also charged for backup data replication. The pricing varies by region. For more information, see [Data Backup Cost](https://en.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-pricing-details/#data-backup-cost).

Reviewer: 改了一点。那个 “OUT” 是什么意思

> > Based on the Backup Storage Region setting, you might be charged for multiple replicas of backup storage. If you select multiple backup storage regions, you are also charged for backup data replication. The pricing varies by region. For more information, see [Data Backup Cost](https://en.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-pricing-details/#data-backup-cost).

Author: 代表收取出流量的费用。 借鉴 s3 的文档，For CRR, you also pay for inter-region Data Transfer OUT from S3 to each destination region. https://aws.amazon.com/s3/pricing/

> > Based on the Backup Storage Region setting, you might be charged for multiple replicas of backup storage. If you select multiple backup storage regions, you are also charged for backup data replication. The pricing varies by region. For more information, see [Data Backup Cost](https://en.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud-pricing-details/#data-backup-cost).

Reviewer: 改成小写的 out 了，其他 lgtm

1. Navigate to the **Backup** tab of a cluster.

2. Click **Restore**. The setting window displays.

3. Select **Restore Mode**, you can

>     - In **Select Backup Name**, select an existing backup in the backup list.
>     - If PITR is enabled, you can click **Select Time Point**, select the point in time you want to recover.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <SimpleTab>
    <div label="Select Time Point">

    To restore the new cluster to any point in time, take the following steps:

    1. Click **Select Time Point**.
    2. Select **Date** and **Time** you want to restore to.
    
    </div>

    <div label="Select Backup Name">

    To restore the new cluster to a selected backup, take the following steps:

    1. Click **Select Backup Name**.
    2. Select a backup you want to restore to.

    </div>
```

> 4. In **Restore to Region**, you can select the same region as the **Backup Storage Region** configured in the **Backup Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In **Restore to Region**, you can select the same region as the **Backup Storage Region** configured in the **Backup Settings**.
```

1. Navigate to the **Backup** tab of a cluster.

2. Click **Restore**. The setting window displays.

> 3. In **Restore Mode**, you can choose to restore the new cluster to any point in time or to a selected backup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. In **Restore Mode**, you can choose to restore data of any point in time or a selected backup to a new cluster.
```

    <SimpleTab>

>     <div label="Select Time Point">

Reviewer 2: 这里是否需要提一下，要 Select Time Point，需要确保备份时已经开启 PITR 呢？

>     To restore the new cluster to any point in time, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To restore data of any point in time to a new cluster, take the following steps:
```

>     To restore data of any point in time to a new cluster, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To restore data of any point in time to a new cluster, make sure that **PITR** in **Backup Settings** is on and then take the following steps:
```

Reviewer 2: LGTM

    1. Click **Select Time Point**.
    2. Select **Date** and **Time** you want to restore to.
    
    </div>

    <div label="Select Backup Name">

>     To restore the new cluster to a selected backup, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To restore a selected backup to the new cluster, take the following steps:
```

Reviewer 2: LGTM

    1. Click **Select Backup Name**.
    2. Select a backup you want to restore to.

    </div>

> 4. In **Restore to Region**, you can select the same region as the **Backup Storage Region** configured in the **Backup Settings**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. In **Restore to Region**, select the same region as the **Backup Storage Region** configured in the **Backup Settings**.
```

1. Navigate to the **Backup** tab of a cluster.

2. Click **Restore**. The setting window displays.

3. In **Restore Mode**, you can choose to restore data of any point in time or a selected backup to a new cluster.

    <SimpleTab>
    <div label="Select Time Point">

>     To restore data of any point in time to a new cluster, make sure that **PITR** in **Backup Settings** is on and then take the following steps:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    To restore data of any point in time to a new cluster, make sure that you have enabled [**PITR**](#automatic-backup) in **Backup Settings** for the backup and then take the following steps:
```

    1. Click **Select Time Point**.
    2. Select **Date** and **Time** you want to restore to.

    </div>

    <div label="Select Backup Name">

    To restore a selected backup to the new cluster, take the following steps:

    1. Click **Select Backup Name**.
    2. Select a backup you want to restore to.

>     </div>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    </div>
    </SimpleTab>
```

   The cluster restore process starts and the **Security Settings** dialog box is displayed.

6. In the **Security Settings** dialog box, set the root password and allowed IP addresses to connect to your cluster, and then click **Apply**.

> > **Note that:** Do PITRin the Recycle Bin is not supported.

Reviewer: 这个是什么意思？

> > **Note that:** Do PITRin the Recycle Bin is not supported.

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note that:**  Recycle Bin doesn't support PITR.
```

   The cluster restore process starts and the **Security Settings** dialog box is displayed.

6. In the **Security Settings** dialog box, set the root password and allowed IP addresses to connect to your cluster, and then click **Apply**.

> > **Note that:** Recycle Bin doesn't support PITR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** 
> 
> You cannot restore a deleted cluster to any point in time. You can only select a time point that an automatic or manual backup is performed at.
```

   The cluster restore process starts and the **Security Settings** dialog box is displayed.

6. In the **Security Settings** dialog box, set the root password and allowed IP addresses to connect to your cluster, and then click **Apply**.

> **Note:** 
> 

> > You cannot restore a deleted cluster to any point in time. You can only select an automatic or manual backup  to restore.

Author: ```suggestion
> You cannot restore a deleted cluster to any point in time. You can only select an automatic or manual backup to restore.
```
